[docs] Add example of stripping directions from type (#2074)
chipsalliance/chisel3: docs/src/cookbooks/cookbook.md

```scala mdoc:verilog
ChiselStage.emitVerilog(new Salt)
```

## Directionality

### How do I strip directions from a bidirectional Bundle (or other Data)?

Given a bidirectional port like a `Decoupled`, you will get an error if you try to connect it directly
to a register:

```scala mdoc:silent
import chisel3.util.Decoupled
class BadRegConnect extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle {
    val enq = Decoupled(UInt(8.W))
  })
  

>   val monitor = RegNext(io.enq)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  val monitor = Reg(chiselTypeOf(io.enq))
  monitor := io.enq
```

Can you do this without `RegNext`, to make it less different from the thing that works below?

Author: sure

}
```

```scala mdoc:crash
ChiselStage.emitVerilog(new BadRegConnect)
```

> While there is no construct to "strip direction" in Chisel3, wrapping a type in `Output(...)` will
> coerce the direction to `Output` (even if the input is bidirectional).
> This will have the desired result when used to construct a Register:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While there is no construct to "strip direction" in Chisel3, wrapping a type in `Output(...)`
(the default direction in Chisel3) will
remove the directionality information of the individual elements.
This will have the desired result when used to construct a Register:
```

Author: > "remove the directionality information of the individual elements"

That's not strictly true, it does set them all to `Output` but reg is fine with that 😬

Reviewer: ok editing the above

```scala mdoc:silent
import chisel3.util.Decoupled
class CoercedRegConnect extends Module {
  val io = IO(new Bundle {
    val enq = Flipped(Decoupled(UInt(8.W)))
  })
  

>   // Make a Reg of the correct type instead of using RegNext

Reviewer: I think this example isn't very clear without the resulting verilog. Is this saying that you will only make registers for the outputs? Or will you get a register for the `monitor.valid` as well?

Author: I didn't include the Verilog because of all of the RANDOMIZATION stuff which is pretty distracting 🙁

Reviewer: maybe just a comment then that makes it clear you *will* get a Reg for the `valid` as well?

>   // Make a Reg of the correct type instead of using RegNext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Make a Reg which contains all of the bundle's signals, regardless of their directionality
```

  val monitor = Reg(Output(chiselTypeOf(io.enq)))

>   monitor := io.enq // monoconnect will ignore directions of right-hand side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  monitor := io.enq // monoconnect will ignore directions of right-hand side
```

This comment is confusing. *why* will monoconnect ignore the directions. Is it because monoconnect always ignores it? Or are you saying "monoconnect always looks to the LHS for the directions, and in case they are all outputs / Sinks, therefore we will grab everything from io.enq regardless of the source/sink directionality of io.enq"

Author: Would "monoconnect ignores directions" be better? Or no comment?

Reviewer: Well, why does it have to be `Output` instead of `Input`?

Author: Because `Output` is the default direction 🙃

Author: I take it back, `Input(...)` works fine too: https://scastie.scala-lang.org/4BrQKZAoT8S9x4kxDcGNlQ

Reviewer: 🤯

Reviewer: this is making me feel like we should create a `StripDirection` alias for `Output`

Reviewer: I guess I still don't get the monoconnect rules in general given this conversation.

Author: `<>` will see that the RHS is bidirectional and use that instead of just having things flow from right to left.

Reviewer: ok, then maybe just "monoconnect ignores directions from the right hand side" if that is accurate statement...
